fix: always show an error for `dump()` with `StringBuilder` argument (#2491)
tact-lang/tact: dev-docs/CHANGELOG.md

- [fix] Ternary operator with struct and null: PR [#2432](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/2432)
- [fix] Show an error message for assembly functions with the `get` attribute: PR [#2484](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/2484)
- [fix] The parser does not throw an internal compiler error if the error is reported after the end of the file: PR [#2485](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/2485)

> - [fix] Always show an error for `dump()` with `StringBuilder` argument: PR [#2491](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/2491)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [fix] Always show an error when calling the `dump()` function with an argument of the unsupported `StringBuilder` type: PR [#2491](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/2491)
```
